    For my final, I created an economic simulation. The simulation does not take in any user input besides the ability
to speed it up or slow it down, which is done so by pressing the RIGHT ARROW KEY to speed it up and LEFT ARROW KEY to slow
it down.
    The simulation contains 5 companies. 2 of which, the construction and delivery company, do not have physical buildings.
The auto company, real estate company and food company have physical buildings. The auto and real estate companies produce
products which they sell (cars and apartments respectively). The food company has no other functionality besides the basic
functionality that all building companies have. That functionality is the ability to order building blocks from the delivery
company, that represent raw material which is added to their buildings and also paying the construction company to turn
each building block into a part of the building. The construction and delivery company both hire workers to do these
tasks for them. When workers are hired by the delivery company they walk off screen to the left, since that is where the
delivery company is located. When they get to their destination they get in a delivery truck and begin delivering blocks
to the companies that have ordered them. Once those are dropped off, the workers working for the construction company
receive a hammer and begin hammering each block, turning it into a "worked" block. Each worked block can be thought of as
an apartment building for the real estate company or an office space for the other two companies. With apartments now
available, the real estate company can rent out to workers who have received money from their employers. The simulation
cycles between day and night, and if a worker is renting an apartment they go home at night. Similarly the auto company
sells cars to workers. If a worker has enough money and doesn't already own a car, they will buy one. After that, whenever
they are moving around, a car will be displayed rather than a walking person. Eventually, however, the simulation will
experience market saturation. Once everyone owns a car and an apartment, the companies will no longer make any money
since no one will buy what they have. A trickle down effect occurs in which the companies stop paying for delivery
and construction and so there are no jobs available, and the population ends up unemployed. The system has failed. :(
